# CS-255-R4783-System-Analysis-and-Design-24EW4
<h3>Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?</h3>
<p>DriverPass is a company seeking to fill a gap in the market for students learning to drive. They realized that many students fail their driving test the first time around, so the aim of DriverPass’ system is to provide better support for driving students. The system is designed to provide students a way to create a unique account and purchase a package. The packages offer three, four, or six 2-hour long on-the-road driving sessions, with a driver trainer. The second and third packages also offer an additional 1-hour in-person lesson. The third package also grants access to additional learning materials, including practice exams. Once a package is purchased the student has access to the website according to their package, the first and second provide access only to scheduling.</p>
<h3>What did you do particularly well?</h3>
<p>I am the most proud of my system design document. The business requirements document was created first, so for this project I struggled in some places to understand the difference between a functional and nonfunctional requirement. Through the completion of the business requirements document, and additional assignments unrelated to the project, my understanding of system design improved. After this improvement I was able to create UML designs that I am happy with! I am very pleased with my use case diagram and my sequence diagram, as I feel these both do a great job of conveying the intended information.</p>
<h3>If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?</h3>
<p>I would absolutely like to revise my business requirements document. I struggled with the formatting, particularly how I am supposed to structure my points. Effective communication in business is vital, and there are certain ways to communicate within certain documents. There are also certain phrasings for some things that I am just not fully familiar with yet. I would review my current document first, then look at some examples to compare. Ultimately I think some of the improvment will simply come with more experience.</p>
<h3>How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?</h3>
<p>When completing these projects we were provided an interview transcript with Liam, the CEO of DriverPass, and Ian, the IT officer. I read the interview several times and made sure to take notes. Once I felt I had a good grasp on DriverPass’ needs, I began to organize each point into groups like functional or nonfunctional requirements. I wanted to stay as true to DriverPass’ needs as possible, so as I worked on both documents I made sure to reference back to the interview, this way I could point to exactly where Liam or Ian stated what I was listing. This is vital to providing the customer with a system that will satisfy their needs. The goal of creating any system is that it will accomplish what the customer wants and needs, and when possible exceed expectations. If the customer’s needs are not taken into account, or only slightly considered, then there is no way to ensure that the project will stay on track.</p>
<h3>How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?</h3>
<p>Prior to my design and analysis classes I sort of treated program design like writing an essay. We are given some prompt and you have to break it down to make sure you fully understand it. Then you can create an outline for what is required, for example some programs might require certain functions or methods to work properly, so once you know what program needs to be built you can get an idea of what is needed. I would sketch out my outline but just typing in the method names and going through to fill them out or add/remove some ass necessary. Now, though, I know of ways to collect information to build requirements out according to client needs, and how to take these requirements and turn them into a design. I think that utilizing the various diagrams is very helpful in the early stages of system design.</p>
